Docs changes (#273)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/data-definition/create-table.md

```sql
CREATE NODE TABLE User (name STRING, age INT64 DEFAULT 0, reg_date DATE, PRIMARY KEY (name))
```

> Alternatively, you can define the `PRIMARY KEY` after the column:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can specify the keyword `PRIMARY KEY` immediately after the column name, as follows:
```
